The Joe Rogan experience. You do spots late at night.
So you shut it down at some point during the day. Do you nap? No. No, no.
You never nap? No.
No. I don't think I need it. Interesting. I don't feel it ever helps. Right?
Yeah. I'd rather power through. Right. But I get it if you need it.
If I felt like I needed it, like,
I definitely took a bunch of naps when I got back from Italy.
Cause I was whacked out cause I was sleeping, me up, man.
I would sleep for like three hours and then I would wake up and I'd be like,
why am I wide awake? Right. Two in the morning. It's just so stupid.
And then I would be up and then I'd get really sleepy around six.
I try to sleep for an hour.
I had to wake up and I woke up again and then would take a nap in the afternoon.
Right. It took like a good four or five days before that level of out.
And I started sleeping on a normal schedule.
Well, but you work out so much. You don't, you're burning energy.
Like usually when you're really in shape, you don't need naps,
but you shouldn't use TM for your, for your brain.
Yeah. That sounds like I should do it once. Just give me a mantra.
Once you come up with a mantra for me. But once you become my instructor,
you've been doing it long enough. I don't want to go to some other dude.
T as just Diaz. Yeah. Which one? Nick or Joey? How about Nate?
Nate.
Nate Diaz.
Now Joey, Joey. Joey deals. Just think Joey Diaz. Joey's going to yeah.
Joey D ideas. You could just do it. You could just create it.
Just use own. I mean, I don't understand why. Yeah. Why do you have.
A mantra? Yeah. What, tell us your mantra. I can't.
I can't, I'm not allowed. They'll come and get me.
That's also not true.
That's so not.
True. Now they won't come and get me,
but it's kind of a personal thing because it has no meaning. If I say it,
then you're going to say something back now. There's something attached to it.
That's why you don't say oh, okay. You know what I mean?
It's a pure word.
It's just a pure sound that has no mental attachments to it.
Earliest days over religion. Wasn't it a problem.
If you said God's name,
aren't there like certain sex of religion that don't think that you should say
God's name, whatever God's name is,
whatever it's a Todd Yeshua or whatever it is,
whatever the name of God is. Isn't it?
Why am I re I'm trying to remember this sounds.
Like a Jordan Peterson.
Thing. No. Yeah. He would know he would know the answer to it. Yeah.
Well obviously, well obviously says.
That's pretty good. It's very Canadian. You might be a Canadian spy.
Well obviously you can't,
you can't how you say you can't talk about the
name without a coming back at you obviously.
Is that fair? That's pretty good. Right?
He's one of the most misinterpreted guys. I think I've ever met,
not just willfully misinterpreted,
where people take the words and the things that he's saying,
willfully misconstrue them. They,
they purposefully change what he's saying to make it more
offensive. More unreasonable. People are angry. Why?
Well, it's hard to say.
I think part of it has to do with the way he initially came onto the scene
because of the transgender thing was yes.
Was he was very concerned that they were forcing people to use certain language,
new pronouns. And people were saying like,
why do you have a problem with people's pronouns? And he's saying,
that's not what I'm saying, right?
The problem is not whether or not I would have a problem with someone's
pronouns. The problem's being legally compelled to use these new words.
If someone's inventing and he's like, I am not doing this right. The government.
Telling me how I guess I can.
Speak. Exactly. Not just that.
The government also being influenced by people who want you to be legally
compelled to say their, their, their pronouns. It's a slippery slope of control.
More than it is a thing of culture or of,
of morals or compassion or for being progressive.
He's not saying that he's saying it based on his very deep understanding of
history and of, uh,
some communist dictatorships that have gone horribly wrong.
Some Marxists philosophies that he's aware of,
that he thinks that horribly damaged, damaging, and dangerous.
If implemented on a large scale,
like if you allow large groups of people to control language, to,
to legally compel people to say these new words that you're inventing, right?
Like this is not good. This is a bad path for humans. Just historically,
it's a bad path. Right? And so that's how he broke onto the scene.
And in that time period, all of these people who oppose what he was saying,
they were labeling him as transphobic. They were labeling him as homophobic,
all these different things that are not true. Right.
Then he gets connected to this Pepe, the frog thing, right?
Because he thinks it's kind of hilarious that the internet has taken on Pepe.
The frog as like this meme,
the field's good man frog now gets, you didn't know the whole thing. The frog.
Wow. Where are you been living? Then you stop meditating. Read the newspaper.
You.
Know what I listened to? I didn't know any of.
This. I didn't know. No Pepe. The frog is racist. No. Okay. This is serious.
Okay.
You have to know this because if somebody wants you to take a picture with his
Pepe, the frog thing,
there are a certain group of people out there who will decide Tom Papa is some
sort of all white, white nationalist, white supremacist, Nazi person,
no. A frog, a frog. Yeah. You know why? Why?
Because some people have used that frog in a negative way. Some people,
most people use that frog as a joke. Like it feels bad, man.
And the frog is like, mm. And.
Then it's an animated thing. It's just a frog.
A cartoon of a frog. But the alt-right,
or I shouldn't even say the alt-right people on internet forums would
constantly and consistently use that frog as a joke
about everything. Like they had, they had Donald Trump's hair on that frog.
Right. But it's more humor and mocking and making fun of things.
And as the British would say, taking the said, he's taking the with the frog,
but there were a few that would have the frog with like a swastika
armband, a Nazi hat on why? Because they cause their internet people,
right? Like if you leave something on the internet eventually long enough,
someone's going to put a Nazi flag on.
It doesn't mean that it's a symbol of Nazis,
but it's a symbol of white supremacy because that's not what it was. Right.
And so he dared logically argue this people were very,
very upset. His actually he was defending, yes,
he's defending white nationalists. I keep saying no, no, no,
there's a cartoon frog guys.
And it's not only that it's a cartoon frog written by a guy who specifically
sued people to get them to stop using the cartoon flag.
Even Alex Jones had to pay out a lawsuit because info wars used an
image of that cartoon flat. Can you see if that's true?
I'm pretty sure that's true. I put it, it was a nominal amount.
It was like lost in corporate. I was like a very small,
$15,000 to pay for Alex. That's not a lot of money settlement. It's a setup.
So I'm sure he paid way more in legal fees, right.
To deal with something like that.
I'm sure if they had to put together some sort of a defense for $15,000,
I'm sure that probably costs a shitload of money.
But the point is that this frog has like all these different meanings.
So as soon as it gets connected though, to an awful thing,
then immediately like you got to go, oh, okay,
well you can never use that frog again right now. The frog's corrupted now,
given what we know and here's where it gets really weird.
Given what we know about the internet and specifically foreign
influence on memes like Russia,
there was factories that were making funny means about Hillary
Clinton, right?
Funny memes about all kinds of things and doing so in order to get
people upset or to laugh or to mock mock certain ideas
and, and push the narrative one way or another through humor.
And they made some really funny ones. There's a woman named Renee de Resta.
She came on the podcast was explaining for a project.
She had to go through hundreds of thousands of these things. She's like,
some of them were really funny.
And these were ones that they know are made by Russians, right?
To try to get people upset about certain things. She, how many of those Pepe,
the frog things came from, came from that. How many? Because if you,
if you had a frog that was mocking everybody and the frog like
was a really good symbol to make someone think that you're a fool.
So like you say something ridiculous and you're trying to push for something.
Right. And then that frog is in a meme with you, what you're saying,
but he looks like an idiot. All of a sudden you look like an idiot, right.
And the frog's mocking you like, you can't beat the frog. Right.
But you can turn the frog into a Nazi. Right.
So then when you turn the frog into the Nazi,
anybody uses the frog is now a Nazi.
So he got caught up in this.
Yeah. He took a photo with these guys and he's talked about Pepe, the frog. Um,
on my podcast, I talked about explained the whole thing to me,
depth.
And yet I've seen articles connecting him to white nationalists because
there's a photo of him with the frog. Geez.
Louise pull up.
Photo of Jordan Peterson with Pepe, the frog,
because he took a photo with these guys where they had like a, a frog flag.
And he thought it, as what we're saying is these guys that are taking the.
It's like a flat Stanley or something. Right. It's thinking innocent.
Man's internet version of flat Stanley. And it's primarily a four Chan thing.
Right? Jamie knows this more than I honestly, there he is. So see,
he's standing there with these guys.
Those two fellows are holding up this Pepe, the frog flag,
Jordan's laughing and smiling with them. And one of them has a,
I think it's a make America great. Again, hat on, look,
these kids are human trolls.
They're alive troll on the internet.
And then think of one that thinks it's hilarious to be out there in public
trolling with Pepe, the frog flag and a make America great again, hat,
oh my God, he's with people, right? This is what this is. This is obviously,
it's a lot of what internet culture trapped. He,
Jordan understands this and talks about it and discusses it in length and he
makes it make sense. Right?
So that's one other reason why people were upset at him.
And it's just very easy to label people in certain ways today.
It's very easy to label someone as a misogynist, right?
No, I know. But if you listen to the breadth of his work,
this is not a bad person. He's a very good person, very enlightening.
Like there's a lot of like real practical ways to,
you know, as he says, clean up your room and live, right.
It's a personal friend of mine. I like him very much.
Asleep. You, you, you, you, uh, how do you, how do you say you, you,
you think about these things you're trying to, you're trying to,
to, you know, when you're trying to.
Well, conversation,
it shows how actually articulate he is because you can't come up with things
that he would say. That makes sense.
I know it's hard, right? There's no catch phrase for him. Yeah.
We'll obviously clean up your room,
clean up your room. Let's see.
A lot of great advice. And he's also a very, very insightful person.
What about all of his, on a bad guy at all?
Now this people have this horrible thing that they do today, where,
and when they want to dismiss someone, instead of, instead of listening to them,
it's,
they're listening to them and debating the points that they have or analyzing
them in a, an objective kind way. They try to attack.
Everybody's attacking every, everything sucks. Everybody sucks.
Everybody's stupid. Everybody's racist. Everybody's dumb.
Everybody's ridiculous. Everybody's a liar, everybody. Everybody's, you're not.
On my team. You're on someone else's team.
There's just so much of that today.
Yeah. I really enjoy listening to them. I enjoy all those, um, those biblical,
uh, speeches that he gives about trying to interpret the old Testament and stuff
like that. It's uh, it's, it's very, very interesting. It's very,
I've never heard somebody connect our practical,
trying to find our way through the woods to those writings.
Like you always just heard of it as growing up as a Catholic kid,
you can just kind of heard them as like their stories. And they're obviously,
you know, their metaphors and whatever, but I never heard somebody really say,
no, it's B it's how you treat your father.
And now the way you're trying to figure out your way through life,
that's what these things mean. Like, you know, he is a,
it's a very fascinating listen.
Yeah. He's got a very unusual way of, um,
interpreting biblical verses and stories from the Bible stories from other
religions as well, where he's
explained like what and how it sort of interfaces with man's search for meaning,
right?
Yeah, exactly. It's like, like a practical way to kind of,
you know, approach the world to,
to in a time when we have nothing to hang on to.
It's kind of interesting stuff to think about.